#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

=== Introduction ===

Slideshow is a javascript class for Mootools 1.2 to stream and animate the presentation of images on your website.

=== Syntax ===

{{{
var myShow = new Slideshow(element, data, options);
}}}

=== Arguments ===

# element - (element) The slideshow wrapper element.
# data - (array or object) The images, thumbnails, captions and links for the slideshow.
# options - (object) The options below.

==== Options ====

  * captions - (boolean or object: default false) Whether to show captions.
  * center - (boolean: default true) Whether the slideshow should attempt to center images.
  * classes - (array) An array of CSS class names to use with styling the slideshow.
  * controller - (boolean or object: default false) Whether to show controller.
  * delay - (integer: default 2000) The delay between slide changes in milliseconds (1000 = 1 second).
  * duration - (integer: default 750) The duration of the effect in milliseconds (1000 = 1 second).
  * fast - (boolean: default false) The slideshow will not wait until the current transition completes, but update the slide change instantly.
  * height - (boolean or integer: default false) Optional height value for the slideshow as a whole integer, if a height value is not given the height of the default image will be used.
  * href - (string: default empty) A single link for the slideshow, inherited from the HTML href of the slideshow.
  * hu - (string) Path to the image directory, relative or absolute, default is the same directory as the web page.
  * linked - (boolean: default false) Whether the class should automatically link each slide to the fullsize image.
  * loader - (boolean: default true) Show the loader graphic for images being loaded.
  * loop - (boolean: default true) Should the slideshow loop.
  * match - (regexp) A regular expression the class uses to parse the URL, will overwrite "slide" below, default looks for "?slide=n" where "n" would be the slide to start from.
  * overlap - (boolean: default true) Whether images overlap in the basic slideshow, or if the first image transitions out before the second transitions in.
  * paused - (boolean: default false) Whether the slideshow should start paused.
  * quick - (boolean: default false) Quick start for the slideshow, whether the show starts by transitioning.
  * random - (boolean: default false) Random slideshow, combined with thumbnails equals very cool!
  * replace - (array) An array, consisting of a regular expression pattern and a string replacement, for building thumbnail filenames based on the name of the original image.
  * resize - (boolean: default true) Whether the slideshow should attempt to resize images.
  * slide - (integer: default 0) Slide from which to start the show.
  * thumbnails - (boolean or object: default false) Whether to show thumbnails.
  * transition - (function: default Sine) Transition to use with base and push type slideshows (requires Mootools with Fx.Transitions).
  * width - (boolean or integer: default false) Optional width value for the slideshow as a whole integer, if a width value is not given the width of the default image will be used.